Improve the Azure cloud auto join documentation (#8530)
hashicorp/consul: website/pages/docs/agent/cloud-auto-join.mdx

- `resource_group` - the name of the resource group to filter on.
- `vm_scale_set` - the name of the virtual machine scale set to filter on.

When using tags the only permission needed is `Microsoft.Network/networkInterfaces/read`. The scope for this permission is the Resource Group that contains the virtual NICs for the Virtual Machines.

When using Virtual Machine Scale Sets the only role action needed is `Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachineScaleSets/*/read`.

> ~> **Note:** If the Consul datacenter is hosted on Azure, Consul can use Managed Service Identities (MSI) to access Azure instead of an environment variable and shared client id and secret. MSI must be enabled on the VMs or Virtual Machine Scale Sets hosting Consul, and it is the preferred configuration since MSI prevents your Azure credentials from being stored in Consul configuration. This feature is supported from Consul 1.7 and above. When using MSI only the `tag_name`, `tag_value` and `subscription_id` need to be supplied for Virtual machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Note:** If the Consul datacenter is hosted on Azure, Consul can use Managed Service Identities (MSI) to access Azure instead of an environment variable, shared client id and secret. MSI must be enabled on the VMs or Virtual Machine Scale Sets hosting Consul, It is the preferred configuration since MSI prevents your Azure credentials from being stored in Consul configuration. This feature is supported in Consul 1.7 and above. When using MSI, the `tag_key`, `tag_value` and `subscription_id` need to be supplied for Virtual machines.
```

Great job here. I cleaned up the wording from before, and changed `tag_name` to match `tag_key` above.

Author: Thanks. I've taken your suggestion. The only thing I changed is a comma to period here

    MSI must be enabled on the VMs or Virtual Machine Scale Sets hosting Consul, It is the

I changed it to

    MSI must be enabled on the VMs or Virtual Machine Scale Sets hosting Consul. It is the

Is that the correct way around or did you mean to lower case the `It`?
